if you saw my f 6 unboxing you'll
remember I went on a mini rant about
camera bumps well red magic must have
heard me because they decided to sponsor
this short circuit with their new 9s Pro
and it had oh well first of all oh my
goodness it's got Anime that's going for
that's going to my house oh look at that
look at that flat back no camera bump at
all this is a gaming Focus phone which
makes sense cuz I guess if you're
holding it sideways you don't really
want your finger to kind of bump into
that camera bump but let's look at what
else is in the box we have our type c to
type c 3 and 1/2 ft long and oh yeah a
wall wart all right well they're doing
everything right they give me this and
no camera bump I'm already on their side
looks like we got some more accessories
in here let's open this up oh a comic
book oh it's a quick start guide it got
me all excited with that comic book
cover on art on the front oh this must
be like a
protective plastic back plate that goes
on just like that okay well oh my
goodness you might want to give it a
wipe down because I've held it for about
4 seconds and it is just covered in
fingerprints
oh well give it a good wipe exploring
this side here we actually have this
opening which is for the fan that is on
the back that is not a camera bump
because it actually takes air coming
through this side and exhausts it out
the front here that way you can you know
get good gaming performance cuz it'll
keep your phone nice and cool then you
have your volume button your power
button and on the other side there's
that exhaust for that fan and on the top
we have a 3.5 mm audio jack which I
shouldn't have to praise in 2024 which
is awesome and then our SIM tray at the
bottom there and then being a gaming
phone when you're holding it on its side
like this these two little buttons over
here are capacitive kind of like
triggers when you're holding it like a
controller which pretty cool honestly
maybe if you like Mario Kart drifting I
don't know wa red magic yo that's Mora
oh let's go sorry I'm already in love I
mean I have a wife I can't be in love to
a
phone I've never had a wife on a phone
it's lit morea dress up okay I need to
get out of
here I'm going to spend too long in
there but I keep going so
all oh so that's not a notification
slider that's the game space button oh
she turns when I swipe focusing way too
much on the anime girl so this uses the
Snapdragon 8 gen 3 and ours has 16 GB of
DDR 5x memory and 512 GB of storage the
starting one actually starts at 12 GB of
RAM and 256 gigs of storage and they
actually have four different color
options now including a new one called
Frost which I think actually looks
pretty good this is our Cyclone one but
I think overall I actually kind of just
like the style of the phone got a little
bit of creative with it didn't just make
it like a flat black surface or
something like that it's a 6.8 in AMOLED
screen at 120 HZ and they're claiming
1,600 nits of peak brightness our Labs
on a 1% uh area only tested
1,245 but we can't actually go any
smaller than a 1% size so maybe when
they did their test numbers they went
even smaller than that but overall it
still seems I'm on 50% brightness and
like right now that is very bright to
see my wife so I'm I'm fine with that
and the touch sampling rate is actually
at 960 HZ which again when you're gaming
can really matter if you need to make
really quick adjustments or fine
adjustments or you're constantly moving
on the screen so let's test this screen
though with some HDR content here this
is nice I actually don't watch a ton of
HDR content even on my HDR devices like
my phone or other phones but honestly
this looks really really pretty and I
would be happy to watch any piece of
content on this and one of their things
that they you know like to boast about
because it's a gaming phone is it's like
a full screen there's no notches for a
front camera at all from what I can tell
is there even a front camera on this I
don't know if there is it's an unders
screen oh it's like right at the top wow
I really can't even see it that yeah
that is genuinely one of the uh best
looking kind of under screen cameras
I've seen it's a 16 megapixel and the
two rear cameras here are 50 megapixel
all Samsung sensors and they look pretty
good even when we take you know a good
looking video of sherad here the zoom
very smooth it goes all the way up to
10x Zoom which I think is more than
enough a lot of phones boast like 50x or
100x but I don't know I what are you
zooming in that much that you need to
use your phone you can't walk over and
go take a look at you know just turning
it up sorry I'm completely off topic the
vibration on this is amazing for even
just like turning up the volume that's
probably has to do with like the gaming
and you'll be able to feel the rumbles
we'll get to that when we actually game
in a bit I think I hear
crackling but if we turn it down like
one notch
[Music]
I like those a lot actually but again if
you're not into speakers 3.5 mm Jack
anyways you can plug any type of
headphone that uses that so that's
pretty sweet is the light too bright
what the you scared me Captain don't do
it again oh I feel very
uncomfortable don't I don't actually
know what to say that kind of really
caught me off guard that's nice at least
I won't feel alone I can just tap my
phone every so often it'll feel the warm
voice of a woman all right let's go into
gaming oh it's definitely blowing air
out of there you guys can probably hear
it it's very quiet in this room you can
barely hear it so it doesn't really
bother me oh that's the the haptic
triggers there on the top there you can
see that it's turned to to Pink now and
if we pick a different color blue
doesn't feel too warm yet which is good
it's just in the boot up screen while
it's queuing for a game though they
actually sell their red magic cooler 5
Pro here which is a little cooler that
can attach to the back of your phone to
help keep your temp you know more
Managed IT can just connect with a USBC
cable which you could use the one from
your phone or thankfully they give you
another one here I don't think we
actually ended up needing it cuz in our
Labs testing when they were playing some
of the games all of them just hit their
cap at 60 FPS so we definitely weren't
being thermal Limited in any way which
is good but I guess if you want to go
even
colder this is ridiculous and I love it
what's up gamer they let you do short
circuit now huh apparently this is the
the sequel to your wife Fu phone oh yeah
she's really
attractive oh look at that smooth 60 FPS
I actually have a little FPS counter on
the left there and it is not dropping
even a little bit let's go which is you
know good our Labs also tested it got 60
FPS stable across the board in both Cod
mobile and genshin if these triggers are
a little awkward for you cuz you maybe
don't like the haptic or this Cable's
getting in the way they actually sell
another accessory which is pretty sweet
it's called the red magic dual Shadow
wa that's awesome it just clicks
together like that the only feedback I
would give is I think the last
generation of this controller had a bar
that ran across the back which would
obviously conflict with their current
cooler but that bar helped give it a
little bit of stability if this is on
the phone we noticed it was a little
wobbly when we were holding it which
might not give you the best of
experiences but I think having a
controller is pretty cool it's Bluetooth
paired this time but the being able to
game like this with an actual
controller I don't mind that at all
either pretty nice the battery is the
same size as the last phone as well it's
6,500 mli hour batteries at supports 80
W fast charging which is pretty awesome
and in the longevity test for a battery
doing a 1080p playback on YouTube we got
almost 20 hours of battery which like I
don't think I've ever personally
experienced on a phone every phone I've
had I just kill way too fast but 20
hours of battery just browsing Media or
you know going on Tik Tok that's
honestly pretty sweet just some other
notes about the phone it's got NFC which
is great it's got an unders screen
fingerprint sensor which you know I
personally prefer the physical button
but at least it doesn't add on another
button to my phone so maybe that's okay
it's got Bluetooth 5.3 it also has an IR
blaster which I I guess if you're into
that that's pretty pretty cool I I don't
know what I would personally use it for
but at least it's got it it has a lot
packed into this phone and starting at
$649 I think that's pretty great our
config ended up coming out to about
$799 which flagship phone price you know
it's getting up there but I think you
get a lot in this phone especially when
it comes to the gaming and where it
counts apparently they have game
inspired wallpapers that you can just
have no Mora as cool as these are I lose
my bay this is no this is like on the
home screen so like you can see my
Google C oh I'm going to hit up oh crap
I opened my Google Calendar by
accident that's actually kind of funny
but uh bring me back Mora shro you have
Bamboozled me I have lost my wife all
no oh well I guess if you guys enjoyed
this video you should go check out the
last Red magic phone which lonus did he
also had a waifu I don't think he
appreciated it as much as I did though